[]{#page1}
[![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="70"
height="71"} ]{.sd-abs-pos
style="position: absolute; top: 1.24in; left: 1in; width: 70px"}\

\

\

\

\

\

\

NTNU

\

Norwegian University of

\

Science and Technology

\

Department of Telematics

\

\

\

**TTM4100**

\

**Communication – Services and Networks**

\

\

Project Description

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

The TTM4100 project consists of two parts: KTN1 – Design and KTN2 –
Implementation. Both parts have a deliverable, and both deliverables
must be approved in order to be qualified for taking the exam. In
addition to the delivery, KTN2 also requires the project implementation
to be demonstrated to the student/teaching assistants.

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

  ------------------------------------- --------------------------
  **Deadline of submission KTN1:**      **10.03.2017**
  **Deadline of submission KTN2:**      **24.03.2017**
  **Deadline of KTN2 Demonstration:**   []{#page2}**24.03.2017**
  ------------------------------------- --------------------------

\

**Introduction**

\

In this project you will create a chat service, consisting of both a
chat server and a chat client. The client will communicate with the
server over a TCP connection.

\

The main purpose of this project is to implement a *protocol*, so
basically, we don’t require any certain programming language. A protocol
is by definition a design that enables different systems, languages or
endpoints communication with each other using a common, shared language.

\

However, since the curriculum (and textbook) is based on Python (Python
2.7), and the language is used throughout the course, the provided
skeleton code is also written in Python 2.7 and Python 3. It is also
very likely that the course staff will be able to provide the best help
and assistance if you implement the project using Python 2.7.

\

The goal of this project is to have a practical and useful approach to
network programming and modern concepts of programming with the use of
application programming interfaces (API). Previously, the course has
emphasized the importance of technical aspects of lower-level network
programming. In the recent years, however, very good open source
libraries have emerged, and we can focus on the fun parts of network
programming.

\

As a final piece of advice, we encourage you to make use of online
documentation, google, and other online resources in addition to ask the
student assistants for help. You will not find all you need in the
course curriculum, and later on you will realize that you will spend a
lot of your time searching for information, not actually writing code.
This applies both for studies and later in your professional career.

\

Through It’s Learning you have access to a skeleton code that will be
helpful as guidance in the start phase of your implementation. This code
is written in Python 2.7, so if you use another Python version or
another programming language, you need to “translate” the skeleton code
in order to use it.

\

**Groups**

\

The project must be performed individually, or in groups of 2 students.

\

**Requirements**

\

You will implement a simple protocol for a command line interface chat
client that communicates with a

\

server backend. The client is supposed to be a “stupid” client and the
logic will for the most part be

\

placed server side. The communication between the server and clients
will be using JSON as the format of the communicated information. JSON
has become the standard in modern web applications through its

\

heavy use within API’s.

\

The client is supposed to handle input from the user (through the
keyboard), parse the input and send the payload to the server. The
format of the payload is fixed (see next section). The server will, in
turn, handle the received payload and take the required actions. The
server must be able to handle several clients. After the server has
performed the corresponding actions, it must send a response back to the
client. Again, the format of these responses is fixed and detailed in
the next section.

\

The goal is for you to implement a generic protocol. To test that, your
client must communicate with

\

other people’s servers, and other students’ clients must be able to
communicate with your server. During

\

[]{#page3}the demonstration of the final program, the student assistants
will test your code with their own

\

implementation of both the server and client. If your code does not work
against our implementation, the solution will not be accepted.

\

**Communication**

\

This section describes the communication between the client and the
server. This is the main point that will enable use between your project
and other people’s projects. Hence, this section is a **strict
standard**, and the following formats for client-server interaction must
be implemented **as it is explained here**.

\

Remember, messages exchanged between the client and the server must be
implemented with JSON.

\

The communication between the client and the server will be made
possible through the use of sockets. A socket is one of the most
fundamental technologies of computer networking, and even though sockets
may seem to be a relatively new web phenomenon, socket technology has
been employed for a long time. If you use Python for your implementation
of the chat, you will find that socket and SocketServer are two
libraries that certainly will prove to be useful.

\

-   

\

The payload from the client to the server (i.e. **all** messages from
the client to the server) must be in the following format:

\

**{**

\

**'request': &lt;request&gt;, 'content': &lt;content&gt;**

\

**}**

\

The request describes what you are requesting of the server. The content
is the request’s argument (if the request requires input). If the
request does not require any input, the content should contain **None**.

\

At least, the following requests, with the associated arguments must be
supported:

\

**login &lt;username&gt;** - log in with the given username

\

**logout** - log out

\

**msg &lt;message&gt;** - send message

\

**names** - list users in chat

\

**help** - view help text

\

**login &lt;username&gt;** sends a request to login to the server. The
content is **** a string with the username. **logout** sends a request
to log out and disconnect from the server. The content is None.

\

**msg &lt;message&gt;** sends a message to the server that should be
broadcasted to all connected clients. The **** content is a string with
the message.

\

**names** should send a request to list all the usernames currently
connected to the server.

\

**help** sends a request to the server to receive a help text containing
all requests supported by the server.

\

[]{#page4} Additionally, the client must receive the server responses
(the format is defined in the next subsection) and present them to the
client. To make the client able to both send and receive messages at the
same time you need to apply threading. In the skeleton code, the
*MessageReceiver* class inherits the Thread class.

\

Actually, the skeleton already contains all the necessary code to
implement the threading, but understanding how it works will help you in
both parts of the project (both KTN1 and KTN2). Python users will find
more about threading in the documentation (see useful links section
below).

\

-   

\

The server should handle all requests and send responses back to the
client always (i.e. **all** messages from the server to the client) on
the following format:

\

**{**

\

**'timestamp': &lt;timestampt&gt;, 'sender': &lt;username&gt;,
'response': &lt;response&gt;, 'content': &lt;content&gt;,**

**}**

\

The timestamp is the moment in which the server generates the response,
it must be a **string**. The sender can be the server itself, or any of
the logged in users. The different types of responses are: **error**,
**info**, **message** and **history**. The content is the argument
associated to each type of response (in this case, all **** responses
have an associated content).

\

The following responses must be supported:

\

**Error** is an error response informing the client that something is
wrong. The sender will always be the **** server. The content is a
string detailing the error (e.g. 'Username taken').

\

**Info** is an informational response from the server to the client.
Again, the sender will always be the **** server. The content is a
string detailing the information (e.g. 'Login successful').

\

**Message** is a response which contains a message from one of the users
connected to the server. The **** sender is the username of the client
who originated the message. The content is a string with the message
itself (e.g. 'Hello'). This response is broadcasted to all the connected
clients, including the one who originated the message.

\

**!!N.B.** do not confuse **msg** (a request sent from the client to the
server) with **message** (the response to that **** request from the
server, which is sent to all connected clients). Both will have the same
content though.

\

**History** is a list of all the **message** responses that the server
has previously issued. The sender is the **** server. The content is a
list that contains all the **message** responses (as JSON objects) that
the sender has previously sent.

\

An important notice is that the only requests the server will accept
when the client is not logged in are **login** and **help**. If the
client is not logged in and sends an illegal request, the server must
send back an **error** response.

\

[]{#page5} Additionally, the server should also restrict the possible
characters allowed in a username. When the server receives a **login**
request, the server must check that the username only contains
**characters that** **are the letters A-Z, a-z and numbers 0-9.** Also,
if the login request is successful, the client should **** receive the
chat **history**, so that the newly logged in user can see what have
been written in the chat in the time before logging in.

**Further Work (optional)**

\

The requirements listed above are the absolute minimum requirements
necessary to get the project approved, and as noted earlier, both your
client and server will be tested against a working implementation.

\

There are no requirements for persistence across sessions or server
restarts, meaning that the chat and everything else can be in-memory
during runtime. However, it is fairly easy to implement persistence
using for instance mongodb or another non-relational database.

\

Other possible functions that may be implemented are:

\

-   

\

-   -   

Chat rooms

\

-   -   

\

**Deadlines and Deliverables**

\

- **Deliverable 1 (KTN1)**

\

To be delivered by **10.03.2017**:

\

Class diagrams.

\

Sequence diagrams for different use cases (e.g. login, send message and
logout). A short textual description of your design.

\

The goal here is for you to show that you understand the task and that
you have a plan for solving it. Thus, we do not expect perfect
UML-compliant class and sequence diagrams (you do not have to worry
about it) or very detailed at this step. Hence, things like the
difference between solid arrow heads and open arrow heads in a sequence
diagram are not important to us.

\

The class diagrams should show the classes you plan to program, their
main methods and attributes and how they are related. The sequence
diagrams should show how the different objects will interact in a use
case: which methods are called, which messages are send and in which
order.

\

\

- **Deliverable 2 (KTN2)**

\

To be delivered March **24.03.2017**:

\

-   

\

-   

\

-   

**Useful Links**

\

**JSON:**

\

<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON>

\

[http://www.json.org](http://www.json.org/)

\

<http://www.json.org/example>

\

<https://docs.python.org/2/library/json.html>

\

**SOCKETS:**

\

<https://docs.python.org/2/library/socket.html>

\

<https://docs.python.org/2/library/socketserver.html>(class
ThreadedTCPServer)

\

**THREADING**

\

<https://docs.python.org/2/library/threading.html>

\

[https://docs.python.org/2/library/thread.html\#module-thread](https://docs.python.org/2/library/thread.html%23module-thread)

\

**PYTHON DATA STRUCTURES (Dictionaries and lists)**

\

<https://docs.python.org/2/tutorial/datastructures.html>

\

**PYTHON REGULAR EXPRESSIONS**

\

<https://docs.python.org/2/library/re.html>

\

**CLASS & SEQUENCE DIAGRAMS**

\

<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Class_diagram>

\

<http://www.tutorialspoint.com/uml/uml_class_diagram.htm>
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sequence_diagram>

\

<http://www.tutorialspoint.com/uml/uml_interaction_diagram.htm>

\

**Notes and additional hints**

\

This section is mainly thought for first year students with little
programming experience and it should give them some more ideas about how
to handle the project. Students with more programming experience may
find these hints not very useful, or they may make the project very
easy. If you have considerable programming experience and are looking
for a challenge, you may consider skipping this section.

\

-   

\

-   

<div id="TextSection" dir="ltr">

\

**EXAMPLE 1:**

\

Imagine the client has to send the request **login** to the server. The
user input is:

\

[]{#page7}*&gt;&gt; login alvaro*

</div>

\

Your client must parse this input, let’s say to variables req = 'login'
and cont = 'alvaro'. Then, the payload must be created in Python 2.7 as:

\

payload = {'request': req, 'content': cont}

\

This payload must now be encoded with JSON and sent to the server
through the socket.

\

**EXAMPLE 2:**

\

Imagine the client has to send the request **logout** to the server. The
user input is:

\

*&gt;&gt; logout*

\

Your client must parse this input (i.e. here, it should realize that the
**content** is **None**), again to variables

\

req = 'logout' and cont = None.

\

The payload is created as before, then encoded with JSON and finally
sent through the socket.

\

-   

\

give you 'login'.

\

-   

\

'login', 'msg'), the values will be the corresponding methods to be
called when that response is received:

\

**EXAMPLE 3 (included in the skeleton)**

\

If self.possible\_responses is a dictionary as described below (in this
example, only error and info are given), and payload is the decoded JSON
object received through the socket (i.e. a dictionary), the following
code will check if payload is a possible response and will call the
corresponding method passing the content of the payload as a parameter:

\

self.possible\_responses = {

\

'error': self.parse\_error, 'info': self.parse\_info,

}

\

if payload\['response'\] in self.possible\_responses:

\

return self.possible\_responses\[payload\['response'\]\](payload)

\

[]{#page8} Keep in mind that this is just a possible implementation, but
is not a requirement in itself. You can disregard this part of the
skeleton and implement it the way you like. However, dictionaries are
quite powerful in Python, so it is a good example of what can be done
with them and may be useful in other programming courses.

\

-   

\

-   

\

-   

\

-   
